welcome ladies and gentlemen to today's
edition of pwr Express Damien Nelson
computer from the office of the pro
wrestling report and tonight we're going
to focus on last night's TNA impact was
the first group a second live edition of
TNA Impact first one obviously in high
definition television live from the
joint at the hard rock hotel and casino
and my favorite town Las Vegas Nevada
this show had a lot of hype going into
it and let's talk about the big things
that came out of it first the creation
of the main event mafia sting Booker T
Kevin Nash and Kurt Angle this has some
potential however every time I see this
new versus own kind of thing I think of
the NWO I think of the fashion to vote
that we've seen and you really not seen
in a long time factions in professional
wrestling this could work however bit
confused but whatever at the end of the
night the big announcement that had been
teased all night was that of Mick Foley
Mick Foley coming out and saying that he
sees the future in TNA he sees that TNA
will be something big talking to kurt
angle saying you've been there with me
you were there when WWE was on the verge
of the next wrestling boom now we see
the same thing in TNA and then going on
this end he is now a shareholder
obviously for storyline purposes in
total nonstop action wrestling so
working in tandem with Jeff Jarrett Kurt
Angle still wants a match with Jeff
Jarrett we see now that Mick Foley has
given his sign off his buy-in if you
will to TNA professional wrestling this
is um very interesting wasn't the
announcements that I expected but it
does have certainly have some potential
going forward because now you've got the
blessing of Mick Foley on TNA you got
Mick Foley who's gonna play a prominent
role in TNA don't know what this means
for Jim Cornette Joe Gorga
obviously been the executive for TNA for
a long time not at all present at the
live compact just last night also not
present were several pwr favorites if
you will the Motor City Machine Guns not
there in order we see consequences Creed
which is a bit of a challenge which also
leads to a new story that's floating
around out there right now that DNA may
be looking at cutting some of its talent
to cut costs don't know how much
legitimacy there is to that but that
could be the case but it was a solid
show I think from TNA they lived up to
the hype certainly delivered don't
exactly know what the ratings came in at
because that will of course be the big
story but a lot of buzz going all over
the internet wrestling community about
this show from throw nonstop action
wrestling it felt special it was special
and what we should not dismiss is the
new look and sound of TNA impact they
have stepped up their game substantially
now a clear competitor to WWE product
whether it be smackdown wrong for ECW
now a lot of people will disagree with
that but the production values certainly
increase not just because we're going
the HD but new graphical package new
music and just a new overall good feel
to the show I think TNA really delivered
with this impact the Booker T briefcase
situation you sort of knew that was
going to be a belt in it but the
beautiful legends championship little
confusion again what does this mean is
the main event mafia
tell you and light up her name was
seemingly questioning of the formation
of that faction after Mick Foley gave
him a little bit of a dissertation as to
why he was involved with TNA wrestling's
TI certainly built a solid foundation
going forward going on to the next stage
review and beyond and I think they've
certainly got some interests that could
be peace based off of these story lines
of a presenter we want to know what you
guys thought of the show whether it be
here on the site or at the forum at pwr
showed up now remember you live again
Monday night on ESPN Radio monday night
immediately following WWE ramat sure you
tune in at www.piofl.com and listen live
to that show and take a look at some of
the things Jeff Jarrett and craning will
had to say about TNA wrestling
specifically right here on the site as
all our bill apparently we're over as
the phone call has come in for the pro
wrestling report this is damien nelson's
and so on everybody thanks for tuning in
the classical minute
claim to fame